applications: machine_learning: Change Newlib to Picolibc. (#24001)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Machine Learning (Edge Impulse)
-----------------------------------

> * Changed the default libc from the :ref:`zephyr:c_library_newlib` to the :ref:`zephyr:c_library_picolibc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the application to change the default libc from the :ref:`zephyr:c_library_newlib` to the :ref:`zephyr:c_library_picolibc` to align with the |NCS| and Zephyr.
```

Author: Done
